<!--
 This is part of Hakuu, a web site, and is licensed under AGPLv3.
 Copyright (C) 2018-2020 Min-Zhong Lu
 -->
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" id="svg-page-root">
  <head>
    <style>
      /*<![CDATA[*/ /*PAGES-CSS*/ /*]]>*/
    </style>
  </head>
  <body id="svg-computer-body" class="/*PAGES-CLASSES*/">
    <div id="svg-main-container">
      <section>
        <article>
          <p class="rasterization-detector-target">
            亓荅矹惍俉衋鉦慊屻，朸癹忮岪昄抈誆亍侕蓔觟：
          </p>
          <p>
            痦怚圪敼搒諢邔一崲笵唊佽刉衁丌，廆裋兀玦瓮敯炂汃亍泝蜨咼丱泙。硠坽妅篟裶殧犵一鈥埏髟泏刌柰乇，溞湇乜虭柣廅迗庀亍迗碢炟冘妱。棐泑刐橠椯貒邗一凔悱栺岤扐拵乇，椹軵丌弨洳葚彽氶乇泙蜺哃圠坭。mollis
            detraxit，欶一矧婗傋痽乜滱瘯冘，桻丌帢埸茻僊屮魠气氕。仂栠芼桻疧蠸豤嗌扙伈袃囥徂咘扱葰乇岭慔猼。仉烞泞蛃挕襼溿罧虍汊斿庉舠昈扺滒兀咘誋滈。堮妺扢糔搕諵忏一喈猏栠怴屴茇亍，幍筈亍氝朐傿姏屴屮沴誫枺夃屄。痒一袀硌嵫搦乜蒨篢夬，痐屮胠殏揈搎屮僗殳屴。
          </p>
          <p>
            隑胔乇侂衭葝枆犮乇岦餂茀冘沝。勼豗炃惊釓麡嗀綌妀犴朐抏泀邯厏塕亍刲彃綀。圌邯仴嬨腡噣屾一臹桹袟玠匜柀乇，鉡愝丌昅柤毼坴玊兀岠塺咢爿玡。亓鬯炅釴玵鱦廋裼朼伄郱体泧呫伳煄兀呠瞅媻。气赶杹烰昢虃塉亶巟冱侹忐朊炘杈痶兀咇餇楢。琀一砑梐菾誄乜僤瀄丱，軠乜拹酕絯幏屮漭仉尕。爿烚祅烳呰鑩椯葥癿邔狦皁泂岯犺蛸亍岣蜦輁。彘炆玎
            Lorem （ 褵蛵磭扥一 ）絭猗，窆玭屳玴兀釴玵鱦廋裼朼伄郱体泧呫伳。
          </p>
          <p>
            仉赶枔眭玸韇靷寙朳扦砓抈侞极吤剻乜怑熗鈰。
          </p>
          <p>
            掜一洉掜喑趎屮跾噣厹，笻乜耇淗惢嗊屮滱丱帄。solum，愖矷妅輶葌濋邔一琫莏娕呯仡挍屮，楄湆兀怭苵寖帗氻屮杽嫟柭夬阼。惔一恌悿裗溿乇滮醑爿，捥兀牮婄跅剸屮漥丮庀。塍岪邔縥嫋錸伔一翗莐涑泭汃恌亍，稓菣屮芢迮慅佴仨兀妽蒺昳勼枟。
          </p>
          <blockquote class="postface-declaration commentary">
            <p class="blockquote-detector-target">
              Hakuu Demo Website on GitHub under AGPLv3 license.
            </p>
            <p>
              This website adapts
              <a
                href="https://tympanus.net/codrops/2015/11/04/rain-water-effect-experiments/"
                >rain effect code</a
              >
              by Lucas Bebber; is typeset in
              <a href="https://source.typekit.com/source-han-serif/"
                >Source Han Serif</a
              >
              and
              <a href="https://github.com/adobe-fonts/source-han-sans"
                >Source Han Sans</a
              >
              by Adobe and Google,
              <a
                href="https://www.behance.net/gallery/28579883/Cormorant-an-open-source-display-font-family"
                >Cormorant Infant</a
              >
              by Catharsis Fonts / Christian Thalmann,
              <a href="http://jikasei.me/font/genjyuu/">GenJyuu Gothic</a> by
              Jikasei Font Workshop, and
              <a href="https://github.com/googlefonts/roboto">Roboto</a> by
              Google; uses raining sound effect from Adobe; incorporates
              <a href="https://necolas.github.io/normalize.css/"
                >normalize.css</a
              >
              by Nicolas Gallagher; is engineered with fontttools, terser,
              clean-css, eslint and prettier; and is realized through Adobe's
              Experience Design and Microsoft's Visual Studio Code.
            </p>
            <p>
              Some trademarks and copyrights are the property of their
              respective owners.
            </p>
          </blockquote>
        </article>
      </section>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
